Fuego del culo.
Girl. if it itches. it's crap.
Hey. girl.
Want some brown liquor?
Brown liquor don't make this pussy pop.
Tequila it is.
Here you go.
Mmm.
Viva la revolution!
Now that shit right there make a pussy pop
on a handstand.
So what are you doing here anyway?
What you think I'm doing here?
I'm starring in the opening scene.
Been there. done that.
Pick up the phone!
Richie?
Tiana.
Hey.
You know. I thought
it'd be easier for the
audience if they didn't
have to read more texts.
Yeah. that makes sense.
Cause you know these motherfuckers can't
read.
I know who goes to see a Way's Brothers
movie.
Well. it's nice to phone meet you in this
super awkward way.
Likewise.
But I gotta be honest.
When I seen your profile pic. a bitch almost
swiped left because you look mad goofy.
But surprisingly. you know. them goofy
niggas got big dick.
So. here we are.
I take you for a Jersey girl.
A Jersey girl?
Listen. I love Jersey down.
But I'm a Harlem girl.
Born and motherfucking raised.
Real niggas only.
Yeah.
Oh. so you're black.
No. motherfucker.
I'm black.
All cats.
No cat.
The cats.
Fuck all y'all.
Bitch. spit them pearls back out.
I want your shit.
Hello?
So. tell me.
What's your favorite scary movie?
I don't really do them.
You know. all the stupid tropes and shit.
Why is it always the white bitch at the
end?
Cause they know it's too hard to kill a
sister.
You know what I'm saying?
Cause if the sister can survive government
cheese. we can survive anything.
You know. it might help if you met me
outside.
Met you outside?
Boy. you is needy.
What's your sign?
You must be a Scorpio.
How'd you know?
Good dick though.
But toxic as hell.
Hey. is the restaurant near an alley?
Yeah. it's hurry before they rob your ass.
For reals this?
Nah. not today.
Cheap bitch.
Heard you ho.
Okay. I'm coming down the alley now.
I'm here.
Can you see me?
I'm waving.
No.
The person I'm looking at is not waving.
In fact. they're just staring at me.
Well. stare at his ass back.
And don't blink.
Never blink.
You got to scrunch through lips and be
like. what?
No. they're walking towards me now.
Oh my. oh no. they have a knife.
Well. don't lead his ass over here.
And that's not the worst part.
The worst part is. you
know so much about horror
movies. and yet you still
walk into the alley alone.
Yeah. but the worst part is. you're
fucking with a New York bitch.
Cuckoo!
Yeah!
Damn. he wants some Avenger shit.
Seriously. Larry?
I didn't recognize your bird call.
I thought you was going more of a...
That's a pigeon. nigga.
It's supposed to be. cuckoo!
Cuckoo!
A hawk swoopin' in and attack.
My bad.
Are you done?
What the hell?
Bitch. I'm Tiana Taylor.
My abs got abs.
Get him. dude!
Ow!
My arm!
Come on. guys.
We can work this out.
Somebody help me!
No. Larry!
No. no. no. no!
We out.
Get your hard-headed ass on.
Welcome to New York. sucker.
Hey. Tiana.
You might have kicked my ass. but you
still didn't win that Oscar.
What you say about my Oscar?
Did I stutter?
You lost.
You right.
But I won that Golden Globe. bitch.
Oh my God. really?
See. that's why I never watched a horror
movie.
It's fucking terrible.
Just a bunch of celebrity cameos and fart
gags.
So. you don't like parodies?
I'm more into Judd Apatow films.
You know. elevated comedy.
And what is elevated comedy?
The kind that doesn't actually make anyone
laugh. but makes white people feel smart.
Tuesday?
Don't answer that.
Could be Ghostface.
Oh. come on. Elle.
Stuff like that only happens in the
movies.
Oh. hey.
I wasn't expecting you to answer the door.
huh?
What the fuck?
Now. where's my knife?
Ah. here it is.
Hello. Tuesday.
I really wanna get messy Don't know what
I'm doing next week You really don't know
I don't wanna test you
Passages don't get sexy
I won't get messy
Baby. get messy I missed.
What'd you take?
Just Ritalin for my ADHD.
Adderall for PTSD.
A couple Xanax for my anxiety.
And your boner pills.
So good luck getting it up now.
Jesus. Sarah. how many did you take?
I don't know.
How many come in a bottle?
Hey. Jess.
Sarah. Tuesday's in the hospital.
She was stabbed by a killer.
You know. Ghostface.
Wait. from Wu-Tang?
Why would Ghostface Killa aka Pretty Tony
aka Starkey love wanna stab my sister?
God. Sarah. it wasn't Ghostface Killa.
It was somebody in a Ghostface mask.
Ah. okay. that makes more sense.
I ain't the one!
Jesus. Jack!
What?
I was thinking about wearing this for
Halloween.
My estranged. flat-chested half-sister was
nearly killed by a psycho in a Ghost mask.
Gotta go see her.
And make up for the past.
Well. hey. hey. hey.
I'm going with you.
Not because I'm the obvious killer trying
to lure you back to your hometown.
I'm just a supportive boyfriend.
Yeah.
That's all.
Okay. let's go.
Get in the car.
Listen. we just have to make one stop on
the way.
I survived.
All thanks to my lucky penny.
Hey. we all leave.
Come give me a hug.
Ma. come on.
Turn off this ratchet-ass music.
It's embarrassing. especially for black
women.
It's not embarrassing.
I'm the cool mom everybody wished they
had.
I'm lit.
Don't forget I got practice later.
so I'll be home late.
You only made the team because you're
black.
And those racist fucks assumed you could
play.
It's 2026.
I don't think race is an issue.
Do you read black Twitter?
No.
Oh. crap.
Are you still dating that hoe?
Okay. stop hoe-shaming her. heifer.
Just because Daryl and them ran a train on
her doesn't make her a hoe.
She's not a hoe.
She's sex positive.
Well. I'm positive she's a hoe.
Hey. girl!
Look at you!
Early for Halloween. huh?
What you this year?
Slutty schoolgirl?
Hoey hoe?
Hi. Miss Meeks.
Love the hair.
Wearing Octavia Spencer.
Well. thank you very much.
I gotta invite you over and make you a
little shit pie.
Ooh.
You know what?
I gotta get to African American history
class.
We're learning about slavery.
Time to find out.
It was a choice.
You see that right there?
That's Kanye?
That's right.
They been teaching us wrong all this time.
Mm-hmm.
Stay black.
Bye. Ma.
All right.
Bye. baby.
Bye. Miss Meeks.
Bye.
Son. I put some condoms in your bag.
You know how they try to trap y'all.
Ma!
Okay. seriously?
Sheriff Gregg. you don't have to walk me
to class.
I'm fine.
Jess. there's a serial killer on the
loose.
I'm not gonna let anything happen to my
baby girl.
Boys. okay?
I'm a baby boy.
I'm sorry.
Just I'm having a hard time with this
transition.
Okay. it's really simple.
Treat me like one of the guys.
okay?
All right.
I can do that.
Yeah.
Slap fight.
Oh. you call that a slap?
Oh!
Whew.
What the hell did you do that for?
Don't act like such a bitch.
Bitch.
Man. not bad.
Who the hell lives like this?
Oh. honey. it is so good to see you.
Come in.
Do you want some tea?
Oh. my God. Mother.
You look like shit.
Babe. please.
This is clearly a woman who's run out of
condition.
Oh. be careful where you walk.
The whole place is booby-trapped.
You never know when that psycho's gonna
come back.
Come in.
Okay.
Aah!
Oh!
I hate this job.
Mrs. Campbell.
I'm Jack. Sarah's boyfriend.
I've heard so much about you.
Uh. none of it good.
I have heard nothing about you.
Jack.
I assume you're a piece of shit.
But how would I know when I haven't heard
from my daughter in. what. six months?
Six years. Mother.
And whose fault is that?
I don't know.
Maybe it's yours.
That's fair.
We want to learn from the horror you
survived.
Look.
Scary movie three and four paid me a lot
of money for a girl.
There is nothing to learn there.
But if you want to talk about the house.
Bunny. shoot.
It's happening again.
Some asshole in a mask.
We have to stop him.
You're not ready. lovebug.
I have been preparing for this for years.
Sacrificed everything.
You are a terrible mother.
Come on. honey.
We had some good times.
Like that Christmas I took you to meet
Santa at the mall.
...dashing through the snow. we're a
one-horse open sleigh.
Your turn. Sarah.
Move.
Hi. Santa.
Sorry if I don't sit in your lap.
You creep me out.
Mom!
Santa give me a slavered arm.
Be sure to thank him.
Ew. that's gross.
What the fuck.
I am sorry if that's how you found out
Santa.
Santa doesn't exist.
Mother. I need your help.
To heal our emotional wounds and put the
past behind us?
God. no.
No. to kill Ghostface.
Do you have any guns?
I am Cindy fucking Campbell.
I've got millions of guns.
But none of them are registered due to my
mental health issues.
So if you could just keep that on the low.
Okay.
Oh. you know. I'm gonna be fine.
I didn't hurt myself on any of these
spikes.
Oh. hey. so I spoke to Sarah earlier.
Oh. is she coming?
You know. I did hear a buzzing sound.
So it's possible.
No. I meant to Woodsville.
Dumbass.
Oh.
Yeah. I forgot to ask.
Hey. Jimbo.
Go deep.
Oh!
Sweet!
Haha.
Speaking of going deep.
Uh. I don't know if it's a good time.
Everyone knows what
happens to teenagers who try
to make love when
there's a killer in the loose.
Brad's right about one thing. guys.
Okay. Ghostface is back.
We need to arm up.
Pepper spray?
Check.
Taser?
Butt plug?
Double check.
Goddamn!
You just carry that thing around?
It's easy to hide.
In your butt?
I'm impressed.
What's up yall
I'm back!
Hey. what's up. unk?
Unk?
I'm tired of you little Gen Z Alpha niggas
using terms like unk and auntie.
Gaslighting and glazing and glamping.
Trying to make my generation sound old.
I ain't your damn unk nigga.
Shorty. you're our mother's brother.
So yeah. technically you are our uncle.
Oh.
My bad.
Crazy that they let you teach here.
Teach?
Nah. nigga.
I had 10.
You looking at a proud 25th year senior.
When are you finally gonna graduate?
By the time we do a
sequel and I gotta follow you
little young niggas to
college to get my check.
Wait. guys.
Tuesday's a wake.
Alright!
Tuesday?
Who the fuck is Tuesday?
We gotta go to the hospital.
You gonna take the bus home?
Nah.
The PJ.
Private Jem?
Yeah.
Jealous?
Man. you smoke weed all day.
You just play video games. you livestream.
You literally got money doing nothing.
Exactly.
I leave the hard work for the old heads.
Shit. son!
Still the same. Shorty.
Alright.
Check my crypto.
Oh shit. I'm up $3 million!
Damn. now I'm down $5 million.
This shit crazy. son.
I'm gonna let it shine.
Ray!
Sister Brenda. it's okay.
You heard the call of sin.
Yes. you did.
But the Lord has called on us to show men
such like you the way.
Come on. son.
Come with us.
Come on us.
God see you coming.
So don't cheat that cologne.
We need you to come like you never came
before.
Come for the Father. come for the Son.
I'm gonna hold your hand and we gonna come
together.
God is good.
Yes. sir.
Thank you. Jesus.
Amen.
There you go.
In the name of God. let it go.
Ray!
Let it go!
Nigga!
Oh. my bad.
Last time.
Let's welcome a new member to our
congregation.
I'm not gay no more.
Yes. sir.
I'm not gay no more!
Even if he sets his head where the big old
chest is and perky areolas.
Oh. yeah.
You still got a secret.
I no longer carry a purse. put on makeup.
walk around in high heels. red bottles.
the one with the cute little buckle on the
side.
This was my shoes.
I no longer go on Grindr and swipe right
at black men. white men. Asian men.
You gonna grind it?
I no longer take trips to the Philippines
looking for ladyboys to Phuket.
Koh Samui. back to Phuket. then to Vietnam
to see if I can get them any cheaper.
I thought that was for my anniversary.
right?
Oh. this nigga got a lot in my house.
I no longer stand butt naked in the mirror
with my penis tucked between my legs.
Dancing like a dude from Silence of the
Lambs.
They push the lotion in the basket.
Precious.
I'm a changed man.
I've been delivered.
Yeah.
I will.
I said I will.
No.
No. woman.
Huh?
Woman.
Woman!
Women!
Women. women!
Mimest. mimest. mimest!
No no. No no Ray. No no
Gok. Gok. Gok. Gok!
Whoa. nigga!
Hawk Tuah. Hawk Tuah. Hawk Tuah!
Are you honking or what?
I've been delivered!
Tuesday. Tuesday!
Oh. my God!
Ah. her face!
So contorted!
Oh. my God!
In the morning!
Shh!
I'm going to try and get that out for an
hour.
How are you feeling. Toot?
Hey. what are they giving you for the
pain?
Is that morphine or?
Bitch!
Let's see.
Oh. yeah.
Oh. this. that good. good. this.
that Britney Spears shit makes me want to
get half naked. dance around. and juggle
some knives.
Sarah. who's that Jeffrey Dahmer
look-a-like?
Oh. this is my boyfriend. Jack.
Really nice to meet you.
Looks like Ted Bundy to me.
But that ain't none of my business.
This old stabbed-up bitch here needs some
rest.
So y'all. get the fuck out!
Yes. ma'am.
Oh. not you. Sarah.
Why. what did I do?
I'm so scared.
Oh. Toot.
You should be.
You've been stabbed nine times.
And the killer knows where you live.
I would invite you to
come stay at my place. but
I don't really want that
kind of juju in my house.
For all we know. he's standing right
outside that door.
It's comforting. Sarah.
I thought I was gonna die.
I know. me too.
I planned your funeral.
Yeah.
What the hell?
And I wrote your obituary.
More like ChatGPT wrote it.
But you're still here.
And I will never let anyone hurt you.
Oh. yum!
Ice chip!
Oh!
Get off me!
Help!
This white girl can't die on my shift!
I'm a DEI hire!
Oh my god!
She was fine a second ago!
No!
I'm good!
Again!
Come on. white bitch!
I need this job!
Please!
It's not working!
Oh. we're losing her!
Revive her!
Oh. boy.
Looks like there ain't nothing left but
thoughts. prayers. and pork rinds.
Dear Lord.
Nurse Ratchet!
Check out the wire!
The wire was the shit. baby!
That's my show.
Drugs and that Idris Alba make this
coochie wanna pop. pop. pop!
Dear Lord. please accept this white bitch.
Oh!
The Lord works in mysterious ways.
I'm going on break.
Oh. choose.
I will never let anyone
hurt you... Mm-mm.
...again.
Ooh!
My bad!
Hello?
Hello. Sarah.
Who is this?
Someone who knows your little secret.
No. no. no.
I swear that wasn't a Nazi salute.
Okay?
I won prom queen. and I was throwing my
heart to the crowd.
No.
I'm talking about your family secret.
Oh. you're the fuck who hurt my sister.
Well. I had to get you to come back here.
Listen. if you wanna fuck with me.
asshole. then come and get me.
With pleasure.
Ah!
Help!
Somebody help!
Please!
Bitch!
This the break room.
Mm-hmm.
We on break.
Oh. God.
Take that!
Please!
Save me!
I've been saving people all day!
So you handle yours.
I'll be right over here eating my falafel
and my pork rinds.
I look like your momma?
I now breaks over.
You're welcome.
It really looks like you got hit with
something hard.
Like metal.
I told you.
I fell.
Now where exactly are we going?
To talk to an expert.
Go away!
I'm so sorry to bother you.
We just... We just wanna
ask you a few questions.
Give me one good reason why I should talk
to you.
I'm white.
How white?
Oh. I'm talking Candace Owens white.
Fix it!
When you said expert.
I assumed you meant
more like Neil deGrasse
Tyson or... Shut up.
I'm Sarah Campbell.
I was attacked last night.
I think you should leave.
I don't wanna get stabbed.
And I don't want COVID. okay?
Please. come on.
Just two minutes.
That's all I'm asking.
No. no.
I'll give you eight minutes.
And another thing.
I got tested for COVID.
Oh my god!
Now you guys are good.
When did the work week become the woke
week?
We've got Black Friday.
What's next?
Mulatto Monday?
I mean. Yellow Thursday?
Come on.
Let me get this out of your way.
Sorry.
Oh!
COVID tests are done.
Yep.
You're good.
You're Cindy's daughter. right?
Yeah.
I don't know him.
Oh. this is Jack.
My love interest.
Oh. no.
No. no. no.
Rule number one of surviving a horror
movie is never trust the love interest.
Look at him.
He's got that weird look on his face.
Lazy eye poking one way and then he's
drooling like a psychopath.
He's got that stump leg.
Makes the wall walk weird and creepy.
I don't have a stump.
Well. that guy does.
Oh.
Been looking at me.
Social officer Doofy.
Retired.
Listen. Doofy.
We could really use your help.
No.
I can't go back to that life.
Plus. we're in the middle of a global
pandemic.
Okay.
I hate to break it to you. but COVID has
been over for like years.
Really?
Yeah.
Dammit!
What am I gonna do with all this canned
meat?
Get out.
I don't want the O'Shea's to find me.
And don't come back.
Don't you laugh. Z.
Doofy.
You're funny.
Doot.
Okay.
Just because he showered doesn't
mean that... You know. I didn't shower.
I just take water from my mouth.
You want some?
No.
That's okay.
Okay.
Come on. Doofy.
Yeah.
Do it.
Sarah. is your ghetto-ass mom coming?
Or can we start talking about this plot?
Uh...
Hi.
You came.
Not in like 15 years. honey.
But I did buy this new rose. so fingers
crossed.
Yeah.
Oh.
Oh. my old friend.
You taught me how to dance?
How to make a high-end word pie?
Nigga. I'm writing back to you.
Shorty!
What's up. Sandy?
How you doing. my nigga?
Shit. son!
I can't believe you thought I was dead.
Well. between cancer. from the weed.
smoke. your love of the McRib.
and racist cops. I didn't think you had a
problem with that.
What a chance.
Yeah. that's a terrible combination.
Hi. Sandy.
Stop smiling at me!
Oh!
Shit!
Wild star!
Hey. he's intellectually disabled!
That's just how he looks. you drunk honky!
Hey. hey. hey!
Don't call that white bitch a honky.
Come on.
Have some respect.
I keep seeing people smiling everywhere.
I'm not very likable. so it must be some
kind of curse.
Hey. everybody!
Look what I did.
Oh my God!
Non-branded gelatin shots made with great
alcohol and GHB. so ain't nobody sippin'
nothin' ain't consent to like last time.
which I apologize.
Take one.
I love Oofy and myself.
You sure. baby?
Hi. Brenda.
Please do not call me by my government
name.
Call me Ma.
Cindy!
You dropped the tray.
Oh my God. Cindy!
I haven't seen you in forever!
Oh my God. look at you!
You look the same!
Minus the crow's feet.
And your hair is so dry.
Oh. and your titties dropped so far.
Other than that. you look the exact same!
What have you been up to?
Oh. you know. neglecting
my children so I can
prepare to kill Ghostfish
should he ever return.
What about you?
Well. I've been mostly just getting high
school kids drunk in a desperate attempt
to stay young and keep my kids at home.
I always knew you'd be a great mom.
Oh. Cindy.
Should we hug?
Oh. I really want to.
But I'm a Republican now. so I'm supposed
to be racist.
Oh. girl. I think all white people are
racist anyway.
Come here.
Okay.
You want a shot?
Oh. yes. yes. please.
You know. Ma. this place
could be so cool if you had like
a beer pong table over
there. maybe like a snack wall.
What you know about cool?
When I was your age. I was popping bottles
with Puffy. Puff Daddy. P Diddy.
Diddy. all the Shons.
That ain't age well.
Your mama was the freak in the freak offs.
Oh. shit. son.
You want to see something cool?
I'm going to show you something cool.
God. that's cool.
What are you doing?
What?
No. not like that.
Oh. my God.
Oh. yeah.
I don't know why y'all acting so scared.
The gun ain't even loaded.
Oh. shit.
Oh. shit. son.
Uh-oh.
I did it again.
I always forget that last one in the
chamber.
Help me move this body.
Yeah. you got it.
That was fun.
Oh. so what are you doing after this?
I want to go to Cabo.
Oh. I love Cabo.
You know what?
I used to put cocaine up my hoo-ha and
travel there all the time.
Oh. that's a beautiful song.
Yeah.
Oh.
All right.
Let's get back to the plot.
I'm looking at you. Ted Bundy eyes.
looking like a school shooter.
I think you the killer.
Oh. me?
Mm-hmm.
Okay. what about Deputy Doofy over there?
I don't have a motive.
You know. what's my motive?
You were the killer in the first movie.
Shouldn't you be locked up?
No. I got pardoned. mostly because of
storming the Capitol. you know?
Oh.
I got proof.
This is me.
Oh.
And it's framed.
That's a cool hit.
What about Jess?
What about me?
If anybody here has issues
that could lead to murder... Okay.
Trans shaming is not cool. okay?
He's just a dude.
Yeah.
Minus the upper body strength and the dick
part.
Hey. you don't know what I got down here.
okay?
I do.
Hey.
Listen. what we know so
far is everyone who's been
attacked is related to
the original characters.
He wants to kill the kids.
Ha!
He's making a reboot-a-quo.
A what now?
Yup.
It's like a reboot and a sequel.
It mixes legacy characters with new
characters in an attempt to feed into
bullshit nostalgia and bring more fans to
the theaters.
Just like last year's I Know What You Did
Last Summer.
That's a movie?
What did I do last summer?
I think you're talking about the summer I
turned pretty.
Yeah.
Ray!
When did you get here?
Oh. I've been here.
I was just hanging out by the men's room.
Oh.
Mom?
Okay. so that means that our killer is
writing his own version of horror movie.
Okay. so according to the reboot-a-quo
rules. who's the killer?
I think it's pretty obvious.
Who?
You. bitch.
Me?
Guys. I am not the killer.
Ghostface attacked Twos to lure me back
here.
I think he attacked Tuesday to get you
back here.
So he could get me back here.
He wants to kill the OGs.
That was a flex.
Yeah. that sounds better.
Oh. fuck this!
And fuck you. mother!
To your mother?
Hey!
Don't be so disrespectful!
And call me mom!
Or mommy.
Or whatever's more comfortable.
All units. be advised.
Suspect is still at large.
Black cloak.
Wiped out.
You got this.
Okay.
Talk to me.
Hello. Sheriff.
Agent Underwood?
I'll give you one hint.
What's your favorite scary movie?
Well. I'm gonna go with Saltburn.
I mean. the member on that English guy was
terrifying.
And Ken Jeong's junk in The Hangover was a
much better depiction of the male anatomy.
And what do you want. fuckface?
Well. I'm just calling
to tell you that by the
time you get home. I'll
have gutted your baby girl.
Hey. asshole.
She's a boy!
Yes!
Looking for this?
No!
Let me help you.
I got your baby dick.
Winky. winky. winky. winky.
All right.
Here we go.
What do you want. fuckface?
Well. like father. like son. I understand
you're home alone.
Well. dad's out.
but the pool guy. the
gardener. and the
plumber are all here. asshole.
Look out your window.
Please!
No!
But they're the backbone of the American
work force!
And I'm too white to do those jobs.
Let's cut to the chase.
I'll ask you one question.
If you answer correctly. you live.
Who was the killer in Horror Movie?
Oh. that was easy.
It was Bobby and then K.
Ray.
The guy who was totally into dudes.
even though he claimed he wasn't.
Classic 2000's homophobia.
But I got you. bitch.
Wrong!
You forgot Special Officer Doofy.
Now you die.
Bomboclat.
You should probably answer that.
I can literally see you trying to steal my
package.
Oh. shit!
That was easy.
Someone order steaks.
Let's go. Puff.
Wait a sec.
Careful!
You wouldn't want to let in a killer.
You are about to identify as dead!
You... stand like... a girl.
Face Shuffle!
The Ghostface Killer Collection Bundle.
This is Kiki West for OnlyFans Rapid News.
Rapid News?
You mean Vapid News?
You don't even have a camera. man!
My appointment!
Excuse me.
Oh. my.
You're... Yes. yes.
Three-time Emmy nominee for outstanding
achievement in sensational reporting.
I was gonna say the lady from Friends.
but shorter and with less Botox.
Oh.
Is that what you were gonna say?
Yeah.
You seriously don't know who I am?
Baby girl. I am
Gale... Gale Swallows!
Hey.
Gale Storm.
Gale. Gale... Get the hell out of my way!
Oh.
Doofus?
Hey. Gale.
You haven't aged a day.
You've aged like a million days.
That's this many. right?
Yeah. your fingers smell like genitals.
What are you doing in that ridiculous
uniform?
Uh. I'm back on the case.
Yeah. I'm gonna bust Ghostface.
Well. um. tell me. Special Needs Officer
Doofy.
Um...
Wow.
Are there any suspects in this tragic yet
completely predictable incident?
I'm not allowed to say.
No. no.
Yes. you can.
Okay. no.
Not again.
Oh. okay.
Tell me.
Oh. my God.
Well thought.
Hey. remember when you used to give
blowjobs for sensitive information?
I don't give blowjobs anymore.
okay?
Not since Me Too.
Okay. sorry.
I give handjobs now. but the story better
be good.
Okay. I'll do a handjob.
Let's do it.
Oh.
What the...
I'm gonna get you.
I'll go right where you're gonna get you.
Right?
You got my outfit. you little critter.
Maybe we shouldn't be legal.
Fuck yeah. shit.
Ah.
Oh.
Hello. shorty.
You do know that smoking is bad for you.
Well. actually. weed ain't bad for you.
You got vitamin T. C. and H. C.
B. and D.
What's the matter. shorty?
You look a little antsy.
Maybe because there's a masked serial
killer sipping tea in my den.
Shorty. you're my nigga.
I mean. friend.
Please.
All right.
Do you want to quit smoking?
Well. to be honest. I try to quit.
But my mother said I ain't raising no
quitters.
So I quit quitting.
We could try hypnosis.
Bro. I don't care how many pocket watches
you try and wave in front of my face.
It ain't gonna work. son.
You can't magnetize me.
Sleep.
Shorty.
What's up?
Tell me about your mother.
Damn. nigga.
Let's start with something light.
Like. do you lick ass?
Yes or no?
The answer's yes.
So what happened to her. shorty?
She was coming home.
Her car was parked on the side of the
road.
Someone was in it.
And something bad was happening.
Why didn't you call anyone?
I couldn't.
I had warrants.
You were 11.
I started young. nigga.
What do you see?
I see a big explosion of water.
It was like a civil rights hose.
Police said it was a murder-suicide.
She killed that man.
When they opened the car door.
his limp body just slid out.
Like the Green Digger in Shape of Water.
I just didn't want it to be real.
What don't you want to be real?
That my mother was a squirter.
Okay.
She's a squirter.
All the floors in her bedroom was warped.
I can't move.
You're paralyzed.
Now.
Sink into the chair.
Wait. no. wait.
Sink.
Oh. you're in a K-pop hole.
I smoked a bowl. now I'm so stoned.
Your mouth no queen.
Got me speaking Korean.
Oh shit. I got so high.
I was out of my mind.
I can't even feel my own face.
Was a problem child. smoking black in my
house.
Now I'm about to get laid.
Y'all about to get sprayed.
Now I'm flying.
Time for dining.
Cause I got the munchies.
Luke Skywalker.
They don't need a reason to bang these
demons.
Now it burns when I pee.
We going up.
Up. up. up.
Nigga. we smoking.
We about to be toking.
Gonna be. gonna be smoking.
Oh. oh. oh.
Up. up. up.
Nigga. we smoking.
Nigga. we about to be toking.
Gonna be. gonna be smoking.
That dream was wild.
I must have been Elon Musk high.
Oh. Chinchashima.
Tuesday?
Bobby?
Bobby. what the?
She's gonna die.
Our daughter. Sarah?
You're probably right.
She's tough. but let's see her again.
Get stabbed in the cut.
I'm gonna die.
Bobby. you're already dead.
This hallucination is a manifestation of
my own guilt for being an awful mom.
Or it could be the shrooms I just popped.
You're gonna die.
Bitch. you ain't killing me.
Stop smiling.
I can't.
Botox.
Hey!
Oh.
This is the mental ward.
Everyone smiles in here.
What?
Oh.
Um. could you point me in the direction of
the ICU?
Is it that way or that way?
Uh. visiting hours are over.
Oh. yes. of course.
The network wants me to clarify that Black
Friday has nothing to do with race.
Well. just tell that to my
black friend. Benita. who's
probably clocking someone over
the head at Target as we speak.
Right. Benita?
Chamoun!
Man. you ain't Micah's.
Micah's got that jerry curl.
What is that. son?
Is that shellac?
See. people think it's shellac.
but it's actually Sharpie.
Boy. your hair look like fondue.
And dirty.
Micah's got a monkey.
I got a llama.
Fuck Micah.
You can't dance. boy.
I've been practicing.
Wow!
Yeah!
I can moonwalk.
Ooh!
Where is this nigga going?
Dude. get two!
Ow!
Yeah!
Woo!
Jermaine.
Coming Juneteenth.
Only on Tubi.
I'ma bootleg that shit.
Hello?
Fuck this.
I'm gonna miss you.
I'ma miss you all.
Hell
no!
Stay black. don't die!
Jack.
Did Sara tell you the cops?
Um. yeah!
That's why I'm here.
Not to murder you or anything like that.
Then why are you wearing gloves?
Would you believe I am thinking about
dressing up as OJ Simpson for Halloween?
But those fit.
Look out!
Oh!
Yuck. cool bro. you almost did a fade!
I mean... Help!
Oh!
No.
Pride in disguise.
Oh. yeah!
Ah!
Ugh.
I'ma to gut you like a pig!
Get her!
I'm gonna... That is so true!
What are you gonna do. turn me into bacon?
Fuck the Better Riders!
I'm laughing so hard my ribs hurt!
Wait until I stick my knife in them!
Crying over here!
Before you kill me!
I'm gonna die laughing first!
don't want what they're offering.
I'm gonna turn you into beetles.
little piggies!
Excuse me!
Out of our way!
Step aside!
Official police business!
Doofy!
Smile.
you son of a bitch!
What the?
My psycho mother said. always keep a
strap!
Go!
I'm gonna go get your love interest.
I'll get your love interest.
Ow!
The pain!
The agony!
Sarah!
If I don't make it...
Seriously. two. stop trying to win an
Oscar.
It's a horror movie.
It'll never happen.
Just ask Demi Moore.
No!
Look at Jack!
Doofy. what the fuck?
I'm just gonna get out myself.
It's just me and you now. ghosty.
You gotta shoot him in the head.
Shoot him in the head.
Doofy.
Well done. Rambo.
A little dustsum?
now my... finger.
God!
What the fuck was that?
My ass!
Fuck your ass.
Pause.
That's my ass.
Any last words?
I go poopy.
Oh. hell no.
I ain't cleaning up that shit.
I'm on break.
Come on.
I need the killing. not the cleaning.
What'd you say?
Never mind.
Yo. what's up. chat?
It's your boy Shorty.
That's right. it's another
Halloween-a-thon.
And it's another day of me getting paid
mad money for doing absolutely nothing.
Why. you stupid motherfuckers.
watch out.
He didn't call me dumb.
I want to give a smooth shout-out to my
sponsor.
Angry Orchard Hard Cider.
They got mad apples. son.
No!
We created this. baby.
I'm a marketing genius.
All right. it wouldn't be a
Halloween-a-thon without a dope guest.
He's a legend in the street market.
Give it up for Kyle Simmons!
Let's get serious.
What brings you to the chat?
You promised I was gonna be in a movie.
I've been calling you.
You're close to me.
Bro. I thought that was one of my
crazy-ass baby mamas.
That's my band.
Speaking of ghosting...
somebody was talking to you.
Hello?
What's your favorite scary movie?
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA Damn!
Hell no!
We breakin' the internet. son!
What's up. my guy?
We've got some Angry Orchard Hard Cider in
the house.
Damn right!
They got mad apples.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA What's up?
What if I do my favorite thing?
Spin the wheel!
We gonna go back there with these noodles
and we gonna smack the fuck out of you.
Now you gotta guess who did it.
It doesn't even make sense.
This is a dumb game.
Oh.
God.
Let's kill Casanet on the chair.
We making history. son!
Money. money. money!
It's about time you guys got here.
Now you're gonna get it.
God!
Hold still!
So that's our suspect.
Goes by the name Shorthand.
Was the handyman at a house reputed to be
haunted in 2001.
Is there anything you're not telling me?
That your wife hates you.
You believe the Earth is flat.
And you voted for Trump.
Three times.
Now what. I supposed to vote for the
woman?
Huh?
I believe Shorthand is the notorious
Ghostface.
What'd that mouth do?
He did look pretty sketchy.
I got the wrong guy.
And you know that because you're psychic?
No.
It says so on the arrest warrant.
I don't know.
That guy's black.
He's kinda... not that black.
Like gravy brown.
Hit him with your strong hand.
Arrest him anyways.
Probably did something. right?
Turn off your body cam!
Miss Hailstorm. welcome back.
Doc. I'm begging you.
You gotta help me look younger.
These little bitches are killing me out
there.
They're wearing nothing but a sausage
casing and a ring light.
Trust me with this weathered. decrepit.
age-ravaged body.
And I will make you whole.
One middle-aged white lady special coming
right up.
Thanks.
I'm gonna play a quick video on the ins
and outs of the procedure.
And then we'll get started.
Do you wish you weren't so old and saggy?
Do you wish you were younger. sexier.
fuckable again?
One single injection unlocks your DNA.
creating a new. better you.
This is the stuff.
Doc. this isn't that Gwyneth Paltrow crap
that makes you smell like her badge.
is it?
I like it.
Oh!
Wow. that's a lot of stuff.
Ooh. a mask on a mask.
Safety first. right. Doc?
Oh!
Oh. no!
I was having second thoughts.
I'm gonna love and accept myself after I
am.
Ah!
Oops.
Wrong movie.
Ha-ha-hahaha.
... You were thinking it.
But you said it.
White chicks to my ass.
Hey. Sarah.
Tuesday. I tried to visit you.
I am sorry for everything.
Especially your name.
It was Taco Tuesday.
I was super drunk.
But I promise you. I will kill this
motherfucker.
It's fine. really. we're cool.
I'm gonna hold the car up.
I'm going to take you to the car.
I got stabbed to my death. you dumbass!
I'm taking twos away from all of this.
I tried to run two. but it follows.
Now you're probably expecting a flashback
to that movie. but it's too obscure.
Yeah. and the plot is weird.
You have sex with someone. give them an
SCD. and then it haunts them.
In the form of their naked grandma.
It's like an SCD by epic.
The killer is taunting me.
Why doesn't he just kill us?
Speak for yourself.
Like. what are you waiting for?
Oh. no. no. no. sweetie.
Sweetie. it's like this.
What are you waiting for. huh?
What are you for?
God. I wish you weren't my mother.
What are you waiting for?
Girl.
Candyman.
You sure about this?
Yeah.
Keep saying it.
Candyman?
Candyman.
God.
So what's up?
You got that Candyman?
I got weed gummies. K-nuts. shroom chops.
And what take you so long to show up?
Come on. Clarence.
I called you five times.
Nigga. show up in three.
You ain't even call me on the phone.
Luckily. I was walking by. and heard y'all
through the hole in this wall.
Fix that shit.
You shut your ass up.
You need to go to a proctologist and get
your skin looked at.
Having acne over the age of 40 is wild
work.
I look better than this nigga.
Maybe on this side.
Hey. ain't no time for beating.
We about to be high as smoke.
We gonna party. son.
Ha. ha. ha!
Happy Halloween. y'all.
Watch out for those babies.
That's right.
Take care.
Yes!
I love it!
Look at that!
Looking good.
You seen your sister?
Ray. you seen Gay?
I can't find her since she went to that
protest.
No.
Ray. let me get.
You are Woody from Toy Story!
No. Brenda. that's Gay.
Jake Gyllenhaal from Brokeback Mountain.
I wish I knew how to quit you.
but I can't.
You love that movie!
Hey. Brenda.
Huh?
Have you seen my big old bag of candy?
It had chocolates. gummies. lollipops.
It's going missing.
No. no. no.
It's not missing.
I passed it out to the trick-or-treaters.
Brenda!
That's my stash!
Six seven!
Why is she looking at me?
I'm a little disturbed over here.
I'm here for it.
Hey!
Do you know how many baby seals die from
microplastics?
Shit!
Yeah!
It's God's face!
My God!
He stabbed her!
Not her!
My pronouns are they-them!
He stabbed them!
I'm over 40!
How am I supposed to keep up with all of
this?
She's not wrong.
It's Karens like you that keep the patriarchy
going with their knees on our knees!
Now you're playing the race card?
Then enough of her shit.
Their shit. bitch!
And to be clear. my real name is Karens!
Oh shit. this is too good.
Ignore the insults.
They don't realize we're here to help
them.
Toxic masculinity and mansplaining doesn't
help anybody.
How is my masculinity toxic?
I love women and sports.
Just not together.
Come here. bitch.
I thought-Be next!
They ain't ready for this!
We out there to be next!
Fuck you. brother!
Oh shit!
So nice!
I blame the man. it's for you.
Uncle Shorty.
What's up. nephew?
Can I ask you something?
Yeah. shoot.
It's about. you know. how to go down on a
girl.
You talking about eating pussy?
It's so cringe. but yeah.
So maybe if you stop talking like a 14-year-old
white girl. you can learn something.
All right. so listen up.
First thing you gotta do. you gotta spread
them legs.
You gotta open it up.
Then you wanna use your fingers.
Sometimes you can use two.
Two fingers. like that there.
Yeah?
Now once you get it all in there.
now you gotta use your tongue.
You can't be afraid of it.
Yeah. lean into it.
No. no. no.
You're doing it too fast.
How you doing?
You a lizard?
You gotta be gentle.
You gotta talk to her.
Hey. little guy.
What you doing?
Boom.
It's like rolling a blunt.
All you gotta do. nephew...
is hit that shit.
Got it?
Mm-hmm.
All right. now.
If you wanna learn to lick ass.
ask your mama.
Oh. you feel so good.
You're a little too much.
Oh. yeah!
Elle. I want to try something.
I thought you said you'd never let me peg
you.
What?
No!
Relax.
I just want to taste you.
Okay.
Dinner time.
Oh. yeah.
Come here. baby.
Careful.
My kitty's a gangster.
Oh. it is gangster.
Okay.
Slapped you so hard. you want some more?
Yeah.
You feel so much better than Daryl and
them.
Choo-choo!
Get back in there!
Yeah!
Lick it!
Lick it hard!
Finish her.
Oh. my God!
Just like rolling a blunt.
Now all I gotta do is hit it.
Ow!
What the fuck?
Hey. there.
We heard tell of a Halloween party.
You didn't now. did you?
We're here to drink. play bad music.
do some half-gay shit.
Why just half-gay?
Can I help you?
If you just invite us in.
Why you need an invitation?
White folks show up
to parties uninvited all
the time with their
little nasty-ass casseroles.
Bland as shit.
Y'all better start using some Lowry.
Mm-hmm.
And why she got them dirty-ass feet?
Look like you was walking around porn sets
all day.
Got them trailer park toes.
Jesus!
I think you're in the wrong place.
Y'all clean?
No.
We believe in music and equality.
How about we show y'all?
It's okay.
Now...
Well. we're moving on up Moving on up To
the east side Moving on up To a deluxe
apartment In the sky We're moving on up
They gentrified the Jeffersons?
Wheezy's rolling around in her grave right
now.
Can't do this to the black national
anthem.
Boo!
Biggie. you suck!
Boo your ass!
Burtard!
Get that bullshit out of here!
Dumb shit!
Why don't y'all just go to one of those
frat parties where they drink until they
black out and wake up
with their booties hurting not
knowing what someone in
a cowboy hat did to them.
Yeah. what?
Okay.
Well. we will leave you
guys alone. but we're gonna
walk real slow just in case
y'all change your minds.
Change your minds yet?
No!
Hell no!
How about now?
Fuck no!
No!
Yes?
Hell to the no!
Keep walking!
Now get!
Let's go!
Sarah. come on!
Life. folks. is getting weird again.
Guys. I think I saw an open window over
here.
That window's closed.
Not for long.
Wicked.
God fucking idiots.
Tuesday!
You came back!
Yeah. I left my inhaler.
Honestly. Tuesday.
I thought inhalers were the worst plot
device in movie history.
That's true.
Should have been in vain.
But we're here now. so let's make the most
of it.
Now wear them white clothes and...
Sarah?
Hello.
Get your sister and get out of there right
now.
Okay. hun?
I am a grown ass woman.
Mother. I don't have to do anything you
tell me to do.
That's the house where your psycho father
killed those people.
Someone wanted to get you there.
Which means someone wants to get me there.
Oh my God. this isn't about you!
Why are you yelling?
Because the camera's so fucking far away!
Wait. hold on. are you tracking my phone?
Shh. you're breaking up.
Uh. yeah.
Shh.
Happy Birthday!
Hey! That's my car!
What the Fuck!
Help!
I'm Sorry.
I thought I was suppose to smoking.
Oh. Shit!
Seriously?
With a 12 years of Slave Shit.
Woah. Woah. Woah. I didn't see that movie.
Okay?
I just found this thing in the shed.
Jeez.
Come on. bro.
That's even worse.
Ugh.
I didn't mean it that way.
Some of my best victims are black.
Ugh.
And another brother falls victim to gun
violence.
Turns out race is still an issue.
That's not fair.
You know. black guys usually die first in
horror movies.
Hello. shorty.
Bro. why you running backwards. son?
Oh no. it's not me.
Something's wrong.
Nigga. you're a lotus upside down.
You're fucking hot. man.
Game on. bitches.
Wrong nigga!
Black lives matter.
Not you. Shorty.
Oh my...
What's going on?
Oh. Jack!
Oh. thank God you're here!
Where were you?
Gooseface was just here!
I was just outside getting some fresh air.
Stop!
One of you is the killer.
Well?
Why do you have blood on your hands?
I found Brad outside.
She's the killer!
I am not the killer.
I'm not even sex positive.
I'm a virgin.
No way.
You're being like every dude in
Woodsville.
Fuck you!
Whoa!
The butt doesn't count.
Shit. she said it!
Welcome to act three. bitches.
What?
What does that even mean?
It's when the shit goes down.
Oh.
I still don't really know what she means.
but I think we should run!
It's okay.
We'll find her.
Brendan!
Brenda!
Cindy. they in there shooting!
Those kids are wild!
I blame it on video games. not the liquor
or lack of parental supervision.
You're gonna need this.
Do you have one bigger in black?
A rock bag.
Oh. who are you?
Joan Wick?
I would have said ballerina. but nobody
saw that shit.
Let's do this.
Oh. okay.
Stop!
Stop me!
I'm definitely not faking it. please!
What do you think?
I think Drake lost to Kendrick.
I still like Drake. but what was up with
that lawsuit?
That's such a bitch-ass move.
About this situation.
Oh. that's definitely a trap.
She don't know we've already been here.
doesn't she?
Brenda!
Cindy!
Hurts!
Am I gonna make it?
I doubt it.
Oh. God. Cindy!
Oh. God!
Bitch. I'm not dead yet!
Oh. my bad.
I'm sorry.
Now you go back in there and finish it for
me. Cindy.
I would do anything for you. Brenda.
Oh. yes!
She bought it!
That old ketchup trick!
It don't fail!
That bitch is crazy if she thought I was
taking my black ass back in there.
Attention all killers!
You have five seconds to show yourselves!
Shorty!
Bitch!
You shot my baby ball.
Go find your own damn closet!
Sorry.
Hello. Cindy.
Hello.
Looks like you forgot the first rule of
surviving a horror movie.
Never answer the phone.
I thought the first rule was never trust
the love interest.
Oh. really?
Well. I'm changing the rules.
How about that?
New rule.
Go fuck yourself.
Wait. wait!
Why do you hate closets so much?
I told you to come out.
Yeah. well. I didn't want to get shot!
Ironic. isn't it?
You missed me. bitch!
Oh. God. it's Ghostface!
It's unbelieveable
You think you're John Wick acting like I
killed your dog?
If the dog is just a metaphor.
it was about losing his wife!
You sure it's not an allegory?
Let us begin.
Eat a dick.
Shoot him. Sarah.
End this.
Don't tell me what to do!
This isn't the best time to resolve our
mommy-daughter issues. but...
Sarah. I am so sorry.
I have been a terrible mother.
I don't even know your sister Wednesday.
Tuesday.
Have to clarify that for legal reasons.
But I prepared you for this.
So go on. baby.
You kill him.
Sarah!
Jack!
Thank God you're okay. because I really
wanted to be the one to kill you!
Oh!
Take it. baby.
See. I told you it was about me.
No. Sarah.
You were just the bait.
It's about her.
Fuck!
Oh. sorry. honey.
I didn't mean to.
I hate being right.
You should have listened to Doofy.
The love interest.
It just seemed too obvious. you know?
Which makes you think it is not obvious.
Same page. honey.
That's right.
Yeah. well. that's the twist!
Now get in the kitchen.
Go!
Hey!
Okay. listen up!
See. there hasn't been a great horror
movie since the first one.
We're going to save the franchise.
Go get our special guest star.
Hollywood is out of ideas.
Why else would there be a scary movie.
Six?
But it wouldn't work with just the new
characters. would it?
We need the legacy characters.
Oh. and there wouldn't be a Cindy without
her sassy black sidekick. Brenda.
You ain't have to say black with no heart.
Be like that.
Brenda. didn't you get shot?
Did I?
Oh. wait!
I did!
Oh. look!
God didn't heal me!
Oh!
Round of time!
Stop dancing!
Everybody stop dancing!
Oh!
Mom!
No!
You called me mom!
You care about me!
Well. I wouldn't go that far. but I
mean...
Sure.
Go get Tuesday!
Okay. ladies.
Time to stage the party!
Let's go!
What are you talking about?
Who are you people?
We're the motherfuckers that are taking
over this brand.
This is the new protesting franchise.
Oh. yeah.
Okay!
Oh my God!
That was not part of the plan.
Oh God.
Neither was this.
Wait. Ray got one of those!
Wow!
Hot damn!
Anthony Anderson!
Yeah!
And I brought my boy Kevin Hart with me.
What?
Shaq?
That's right.
On my knees. I'm the same height as Kevin.
And Kevin said no.
Kevin Hart said no?
That little motherfucker says yes to
everything.
Yeah. he does.
But wait.
There's more.
Ta-da!
Bitches!
Ray!
Shorty!
Yeah. that's right.
Four black killers.
Yeah.
We're making history.
This is a new definition of black
excellence.
But why would you do this?
Question is. why would you try to make a
sequel without us. huh?
Yeah.
When the studio wanted to replace these
brothers. I was there.
That's facts.
What about me?
What about you?
You were in one scene in part four.
Yes. but I made that motherfucker Dr. Phil
cut his foot off.
And he crazy now.
Yeah. he got weird.
But you see what they trying to do?
They try to piss us all up against each
other.
They trying to start black on very black
crime.
That's right.
Yo. Shaq.
Hey. I'm proud of you. bro.
You've had an amazing career as a sports
commentator since retiring from basketball.
Mm-hmm.
And I love the big podcast. nigga.
I love that shit.
Even though I don't
understand a word you
be saying. you be on
that show all the time.
Kobe.
Enough.
But my point is. nigga. I love your shit.
But I never got over Kazam.
Get your big ass up here.
I hated that movie. too.
Why did you leave the Vegas?
You and Kobe would have had nine drinks.
That motherfucker traded me.
Shaquille.
How big is your foot?
22.
Then how big is your dick?
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
Ray.
Pulse.
The fuck you talking about?
I'm doing it for the culture.
What culture?
Culture club.
Bro.
Come on. Ray.
We killing people.
Stay focused.
All right. all right. all right.
We back.
Hey. Ant.
Don't you worry.
We family.
Ant.
Mad respect. yo.
Hey. Black is nominated for eight Emmys.
My nigga.
Well. actually. the show was only
nominated for five.
I was nominated for eight.
Wow.
Great.
My besties.
What's up?
Eight nominations.
Great.
Yeah. man.
Yeah.
Oh.
But you never won.
What?
It's your first day.
No freak Spanish to me. motherfucker.
This is for doing scary movies.
playing off.
I didn't know they fired the family.
And this is for copying our good times
episode on Black-ish.
But you guys were on the WB.
Nobody saw that shit.
No. no. no.
And you.
Y'all went and did scary movies to get
your ass kicked.
...three and four without us.
Nigga. I'm sorry.
They offered me so much money.
I got a new house. a new car. I got wigs
that don't itch.
What about you?
Well. I had a chance to work with the
incomparable Charlie Sheen.
That's good.
He's a legend and his dick game is crazy.
You know. he slept with 47.000 women and a
thousand of them women were dudes.
Lucky guy.
Wait. so y'all gonna kill us now?
Nah.
What would Halloween be without Jamie Lee
Curtis?
Or Scream be without Neve Campbell?
That would be Scream 6.
How did you guys pull all of this off?
Sandy. you know how many Waynes's there
are?
Nigga. billions.
Billions.
I'm just so happy that the old gang is
back together.
Okay. in the middle. on three.
Corfour
What?
Nah. nah. that's corny swag.
What about the young and the restless?
Yeah. or the old and then the beautiful.
Or the cute and the crusty.
Yeah. or the sexy and then the senile.
We were brought in to take over the
franchise!
That's right!
You guys are like 70 years old!
I just dragged that one from the subway.
Oh. my back hurts.
Guys!
They're already dead!
Nah!
Little fuckers always come back.
Oh. no.
Not this time!
Exactly!
Come on. Way!
Let's go!
We got a match!
That one!
Next generation!
My ass!
Yeah!
Oh. bitch. come on!
Wait. wait. wait. wait.
Do we feel bad?
I mean. those are our kids.
Fuck those kids!
Yeah!
This is our franchise!
Besides. we get to do all these dramatic
walkaways with the fire in the back of us.
But damn. it's hot.
I don't know.
I kind of like it.
You do. Ray?
We should play fireman.
You want to dress up like a fireman?
No. I want you to dress up like a fireman.
Y'all feeling draft.
Coming soon to a theater near you Come to
me come true from the studio that brought
...brought you every black version of a
white movie.
I am but an appetite.
Nothing.
That's not what you said last night.
When you were sucking on my chest!
The sisters may hear you.
Too late!
You trifling sellout!
I don't know this bitch!
She tried to get me!
This is a trap. man!
Negro ain't shit.
Behold the black vampire.
Broseferatu.
Coming this Kwanzaa.
Something isn't right here.
He's definitely Ghostface.
Sit.
I agree. Burger.
That Hanch has been the rest of his life.
In prison.
That'll land. man.
I mean. respectfully. that thing would
probably give a nice handjob.
Off the chain.
Guaranteed.
Tight grip.
Making me look two times bigger.
Yeah.
I don't want a handjob from him.
Let me tell you that.
First and foremost. I do not want a
handjob from him.
Me neither.
However. when you look at it. like a
shotgun. you're done.
Now listen. we're gonna hold him.
okay?
Okay.
Might be a day. two weeks. I don't know.
I don't know how long this movie is.
Like a Chris Nolan movie with farts.
But what I want you to do is go in there
and show him what you got.
Cock it and rock it.
There she is.
The birthday girl.
I brought a cake.
Make a wish.
My germs.
Finger lickin' good.
Agent Burger. I'm just trying to give you
my strong hand.
No!
But it's a meme.
Mr. Shorthand. are you Ghostface?
Woo!
That stings.
Okay. that hurts.
Can I talk to you for a second?
Yeah. okay.
This table needs an airbag.
I didn't think it would hurt so bad.
So we got the wrong guy.
I could have told you that.
Why?
Because I'm psychic.
Oh yeah.
You know it's... Oh shit!
That's how I feel.
Let me tell you something.
What do we do now?
Back out slowly.
Like my neighbor when I caught him inside
my wife.
Where are you guys going?
They still together?
Unfortunately.
Ow!
Sorry. man.
It's okay. we're a thrumple now.
Ah!